{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 General story description - You start out in jail, for unknown reasons, you bust out and escape into the woods. After that you reach your house/apartment and find everything trashed. You escape and move on.\par
\par
*Need Help with this part*\par
It is somehow revealed that the hero had worked with the mob, to pull a large heist. The mob when they realize he is out of prison, attack him. It is also revealed that he did the heist for his girlfriend/wife/sister who was either taken by the mob or revealed to be in the hospital. The hero at the end of the game fights the mob boss for whatver reason, and wins, and happily ever after. (potential plot twist, as you play the game and collect money, you are trying to meet a medical bill/ransom. If you don't reach it by the last level, you must then confront the mob boss. If not you just win or potentially an alternate ending or something). The reveal that the hero does it for the girl should be saved until the end, with certain hints showing up (for example with bioshock infinite)\par
* *\par
\par
\par
Level 1 - Escape from Prison\par
Environment - Prison cells (refer to reference/level/Jail1)\par
Boss Fight - ?\par
Boss Environment - Refer to reference/Level/Jailboss\par
Hero Appearance - in jail clothes. No money bag\par
Short description - You somehow break out of your jail cell as sirens go off. You try to escape while attacking guards. You later fight the boss in that circular room. When you kill them, they break a wall open and you escape out the side. When you escape out the side it is dusk.\par
\par
Level 2 - Escape In The woods\par
Environment - Woods in the night\par
Boss Fight - ?\par
Boss Environment - ?\par
Hero Appearance - In Jail clothes. No money bag\par
Short description - you are running through the pitch black woods. You can tell when guards are coming because they have flashlights. They also sick guard dogs at you. You can see the bright moon in the background, but everything else seems to be in shadows.\par
\par
Level 3 - Returning Home\par
Environment - City (potentially roof tops)\par
Boss Fight - ?\par
Boss Environment - ?\par
Hero Appearance - Starts in Jail clothes, quickly changes to *insert 1920's outfit*\par
Short description - you arrive at your house/apartment, to find that the place has been trashed. You quickly change into something less conspiquous, and dash off when the police knock on your door. \par
\par
Level X - Train top escape\par
Environment - top of a moving train\par
Boss Fight - ?\par
Boss Environment - ?\par
Hero Appearance - ?\par
Short Description - You are running on a moving train, both inside and on top of the train/par
\par
Level X - dreamland/par
Environemnt - Inside the mind of the robber\par
Boss Fight - None/himself\par
Boss Environment - ?\par
Hero Appearance - Normal look or robber look\par
Short Description - you run through your mind, which turns out to all be a dream. It is dark and shadowy, with hints of the storyline appearing as you run through the level. The world can turn on its side, and the robber can move up the walls\par
\par
Level X - Robbing the bank\par
Environemnt - Bank (refer to Reference/level/marblebank)\par
Boss Fight - \par
Boss Environment - ?\par
Hero Appearance - Robbing outfit (refer to reference/characters/burglar/burglarcostume)\par
Short description - You start by telling everyone it's a stick up. You then take the money and are on the chase\par
\par
\par
Beginning of game enter Age. \par
\par
Player collects enough coins, he goes to hospital\par
Player doesn't collect enough coins, he fights the boss and goes to hospital\par
\par
Level X - Run to the Hospital\par
Environment - Streets Of London\par
Boss fight - None\par
Boss Environment - Hospital\par
Short Description - the robber runs to the hospital, trying to get there in time. Depending on the time it takes to get to the hospital, something happens. Upon entering the hospital he is constantly being held back from reaching the room\par
\par
Age 0-12\par
Gold, Silver, Bronze :when he enters the hospital he saves her, no matter what\par
\par
\par
Age 13-16\par
Gold(hard): when he enters the hospital he sees her and gives them the money\par
Silver(medium): when he enters the hospital, she is gone, but she lives\par
Bronze(easy):When he enters the hospital, she is gone, and she dies\par
\par
if she is dead and you have not confronted the boss, you have the option to confront him to kill him\par
\par
\par
Age 17-Over\par
Gold(Very hard): when he enters the hospital he sees her and gives them the money\par
Silver(hard): when he enters the hospital, she is gone and she is dead.\par
Bronze(easy):When he enters the hospital, she is gone and she is dead.\par
\par
If she is dead and you have not confronted the boss, you first attempt to kill yourself. The player has to stop him from doing it by winning the struggle. If you win Silver the struggle is easier. If you don't win the struggle, the game is over. If you do, you have the option to confront the boss\par
\par
Level X - Final Confrontation\par
Environment - Mob lair\par
Boss Fight - Mob Boss\par
Boss Environment - Boss's throne\par
Short Description - After the funeral of your wife, you walk over to the golden door of the mob boss. You can either walk towards the door to fight the boss, or walk away and end the game.\par
\par
}
